### Schizobot / INTERNALS / Common-Sourcing / Social Cognition
- "The medial PFC is the core of the social brain, where interpersonal reality is sorted into two fundamental entities: self and other. The medial PFC is where we make sense of others’ actions, translate them and interpret them as to intentions and goals, and evaluate our own actions and goals in response. Here we formulate our perspectives, our prejudices, attempting to connect with those we admire or love and distance ourselves from those we distrust. Psychologists believe that we come to understand the inner lives of other people by playing out their intentions and motivations on the instrument of the self, imagining what it would be like if this were me. At the same time, as developing children, we formulate our sense of self by borrowing, combining, and revising the characteristics we perceive or imagine in others. That’s how we design our identities, by the age of eight or nine, and how we redesign them as we continue to develop in adolescence and adulthood."
- "Along with a region at the rear corner of the temporal lobe (the temporal-parietal junction), the medial PFC becomes activated when people think about others’ characteristics and intentions and about their own characteristics and intentions. In fact, the medial PFC is part of a much larger web that comes alive when we imagine, daydream, and rehearse possible interactions with others. But the medial PFC is particularly important for connecting our self-image with our emotional goals. We define ourselves in synch with those goals, and that self-definition gets cemented by the strengthening of synaptic connections between the medial PFC and other regions." - Ref. [Excerpt - The Biology of Desire](https://www.memoirsofanaddictedbrain.com/excerpt-biology-of-desire/)
- [...]
